Update zha.markdown ZHA quirks handling (#24118)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/zha.markdown

### ZHA exception and deviation handling

> Home Assistant's ZHA integration already supports most standard device types out-of-the-box as long as they follow the official Zigbee specifications, but for devices that manufacturers have not properly not fully Zigbee compatible the ZHA integration has implemented a library called "[ZHA Device Handlers (also known as "zha-quirk")](https://github.com/zigpy/zha-device-handlers)" that handle and resolve compliance issues via custom conversion/translation of Zigbee parameters (clusters and attributes) for specific devices which do not conform with the Zigbee standards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home Assistant's ZHA integration already supports most standard device types out-of-the-box as long as they follow the official Zigbee specifications, but for devices that manufacturers have not properly not fully Zigbee compatible, the ZHA integration has implemented a library called "[ZHA Device Handlers (also known as "zha-quirk")](https://github.com/zigpy/zha-device-handlers)" that handle and resolve compliance issues via custom conversion/translation of Zigbee parameters (clusters and attributes) for specific devices which do not conform with the Zigbee standards.
```

> The few devices that will for example not join/pair properly or while joined/paired do not present all attributes in the ZHA integration likely deviate from the Zigbee specifications set by the [CSA (Connectivity Standards Alliance, formerly the Zigbee Alliance)](https://csa-iot.org/all-solutions/zigbee/) and may therefore require proper bug reports with debug logs from the end-users and as a device owner you may need to actively assistant troubleshooting by providing the information developers need to code custom [ZHA Device Handlers)](https://github.com/zigpy/zha-device-handlers/blob/dev/README.md) that convert/translate non-compliant device functions so they will work properly with the ZHA integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The few devices that will, for example, not join/pair properly or, while joined/paired, do not present all attributes in the ZHA integration likely deviate from the Zigbee specifications set by the [CSA (Connectivity Standards Alliance)](https://csa-iot.org/all-solutions/zigbee/). These devices may therefore require the creation of a bug report by a device owner, supplying debug logs. The device owner may need to actively assist in troubleshooting by providing the information developers need to create custom ZHA Device Handlers.
```

> Such a custom "ZHA Device Handler" are Python script that internally is also referred to as a "quirk" because they fix or workaround "quirks" in devices, like deviations from the standard specifications. ZHA Device Handles do this by transparently, acting as an in-line translator/converter, translating and converting non-compliant device messages and instead presenting them to the application as coming from a virtual compliant device that follows the official Zigbee standard. These ZHA Device Handlers for Home Assistant can thus be used to parse custom messages to and from Zigbee devices. Once a quirk is coded, the ZHA Device Handlers that are made can then be reused by all users with the same devices in future versions of Home Assistant.

Reviewer: This whole chapter is repeating all the above, in different wording, and can thus be removed without losing information.

```suggestion
```

> For reference, the ZHA integration's custom quirks implementations for zigpy implemented as ZHA Device Handlers for Home Assistant are a similar concept to that of other Zigbee gateway/hub implementations, such as [Hub-connected Device Handlers for the SmartThings Classics platform](https://docs.smartthings.com/en/latest/device-type-developers-guide/) as well as that of [Zigbee-Herdsman Converters (formerly Zigbee-Shepherd Converters) as used by Zigbee2mqtt](https://www.zigbee2mqtt.io/how_tos/how_to_support_new_devices.html), meaning each of those uses virtual representations of physical devices that expose additional functionality that is not provided out-of-the-box by the existing integration between these platforms.

Reviewer: Non of this is relevant to an end-user.
Let's remove it (above all, it is not even about ZHA).

```suggestion
```
